**TP Housing**

# What has been updated?

## Changelog - (Added, Fixed, Removed):

1. Fixed an issue that could occur in some specific doors (could never be loaded) and when a property has many double doors and doors in general (as mansions do have). This would not allow the system to load the doors properly because of the coords and their hashes.
2. Fixed an issue with interacting to doors, the distance was up to 2.0 which should be <= 1.5, this would cause issues when many doors were close to each other.
3. Improved the system for rendering (1) door or (2) doors with an easier and better system which also improves the performance.
4. Added extra performance checks for not running the door system when a player is performing any kind of interactions.


## Modified Files:

- client/tp-client_doorlocks.lua
- fxmanifest.lua

## How to update?

- You can easily update the modified files by redownloading from the **Cfx.re Portal** and copy-paste on the mentioned directory file paths.
- If new options have been implemented to the configuration file or edited, **DO NOT** copy-paste the new configuration file, otherwise you will get the latest configuration but you will lose all the changes you have made. The proper way updating a configuration file is by finding the new configuration options or the modified ones and do it **manually**.

*Cfx.re Portal **DOES NOT** force-update your configuration file or any files, if it did, you would always lose all the configuration changes you made or would totally break the script, all files are updated or edited manually.*
